c:\users\dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\BrajicaApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\BrajicaApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\Slovar.g.cs
c:\users\dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\bin\Debug\BrajicaApp.exe
c:\users\dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\bin\Debug\BrajicaApp.pdb
c:\users\dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\Slovar.baml
c:\users\dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\BrajicaApp.g.resources
c:\users\dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\BrajicaApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\BrajicaApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\BrajicaApp.exe
c:\users\dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\BrajicaApp.pdb
C:\Users\Dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\bin\Debug\Baza.mdf
C:\Users\Dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\bin\Debug\Baza_log.ldf
C:\Users\Dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\BrajicaApp_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\Pocetna.g.cs
C:\Users\Dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\vjezba.g.cs
C:\Users\Dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\Pocetna.baml
C:\Users\Dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\vjezba.baml
C:\Users\Dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\bin\Debug\BrajicaApp.exe.config
C:\Users\Dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\obj\Debug\BrajicaApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Dario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrajicaApp\BrajicaApp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
